This is Riley's Letter Recycle.  It is a homebrew game for
the Sega CD.  This game is great for young kids.  This
game was made for my child Riley and for me to learn how to
program the Sega CD.

In the first level, guide Riley to recycle three letter
into three letter words.  And parents, have fun and play
the two player mode with your child where you both spell
the same word.

In the second level, Riley surfs on top of a Recycle truck
and you must jump to collect the needed letters.  In the
third level, you must move the recycle bin to the left and
right to catch the falling letters.  In the fourth level,
you must drive the recycle truck to collect letters.  The
"A" and "C" buttons are the gas pedals, the "B" button is
the brake pedal, and the up and down directions allow you
change lanes (as long the recycle truck is moving).  And
the final fifth level is a platformer style level where
Riley must jump around to collect letters to put in the
recycle bin.

On the title screen, you can enter "C","A","B" to enter the
level select.  If you enter it on the first controller, it
will use one player mode.  If you enter it on the second
controller, it will use two player mode.  The level select
also contains additional platform levels.
